After completing the assignment, be sure to push to Github and Heroku.
Please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application (e.g., Heroku):
https://warm-scrubland-05044.herokuapp.com/prove02/

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
Disregard the week2 folder. My code is in the routes folder, views/pages folder, with the CSS in the public folder. I added a route to index.js to render my prove02.js routes. 
https://github.com/benjaminrhansen/cse341-learn

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. 
The prove02 application contains two links:
Library — The main prove02 route showing the list of books in the system.
Book Manager - The prove02/book-manager/add-book route allowing the user to add books. After a book is added, the user is redirected to the library to see the updated list of books. 

4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
NA.

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
I love the fact that you can dynamically modify what HTML is rendered using EJS. Being able to control what is rendered and shown to the user opens up a lot of doors to increasing the utility of the website.

6. If you could change this assignment to be more effective or helpful, what would you change?
I found it disturbing that I needed to look at the rubric to understand fully what I needed to do to go above and beyond. The instructions for should state that to go above and beyond, more than just the book title and summary were needed.

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
   1 - Some attempt was made
   2 - Developing, but significantly deficient
   3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
   4 - Meets requirements
   5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements
5

8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
I added a book price section where the user could enter how much the book cost. Also, I figured out how to include my assignment within the template so the user can see the functionality with okay-looking HTML.
